(cherry-pick #6972) fix: reduce scope of the build deprecation to the container type (#6973)
garden-io/garden: docs/guides/deprecations.md

echo "hello $${USERNAME:=world}" # <-- This is not a working bash script anymore :(
```

<h2 id="buildconfigfieldonruntimeactions">The <code>build</code> config field in `container` actions</h2>

Using the `build` config field in `container` actions will not be supported anymore in Garden 0.14.

> Instead of usin g `build`, please reference the `deploymentImageId` output explicitly in each affected `Deploy`, `Run` and `Test` action spec of the `container` action type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of using `build`, please reference the `deploymentImageId` output explicitly in each affected `Deploy`, `Run` and `Test` action spec of the `container` action type.
```
